README file for Mathopd/1.3

This is Mathopd, a fast, lightweight, non-forking HTTP server for
UN*X systems.

Mathopd does not allocate any memory, once it has started up, and
does not fork any processes (except for CGI scripts of course.)

Although I have not done a full test, I believe that Mathopd is
both HTTP/1.0 and HTTP/1.1 compliant. Mathopd does not support the
more exotic features of HTTP, however. Instead, it focuses purely on
*speed*. Of course, the two main features of HTTP/1.1, persistent
connections and 'IP-less' virtual servers are supported.

Please read the file COPYING first before you do anyhing else.

The file CHANGES contains a list of things that have changed between
releases 1.2 and 1.3.

To build the server, edit the Makefile and type make. The makefile
is very small, therefore I do not see any need for a configure
script at this time.

Mathopd should compile without any errors or warnings.
If you DO get errors or warnings, try fiddling with the
makefile first. If you still cannot get the thing to compile
or need to do some major tweaking, please send me a note.

If you have problems finding out how things work, I am unable to
offer you *ANY* support at present (I have a very busy schedule doing
other Important Things.) Use the source, that's what it's for.

HOWEVER, this does in NO WAY imply that you cannot send me
bug reports, or suggestions, or other comments about Mathopd.
On the contrary, I would be very happy if someone showed some
interest in my work.

Please join the Mathopd mailing list, if you have not already done so.
The list is used for announcements of new releases and some very light
discussion. :)

The address to send subscription requests to is:

	mathopd-request@diva.nl

Put the word 'subscribe' in the body of your message.

There is also a web site for mathopd, currently located at

        http://mathop.diva.nl

Please check this site for updates and more information.

Enjoy!

Michiel Boland <boland@diva.nl>
29 October 1999
